# The Lottery, Part Two: Untwisting Fate! #
## Problem ##
This time the lottery is harder than ever! Can you manage to untwist the cockles of fate itself? Can you see into the future?

[They seem to have given me a lot more information. Perhaps it’ll help?](output.9327e404be0e)

## Hint ##
We may regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its past and the cause of its future. An intellect which at a certain moment would know all forces that set nature in motion, and all positions of all items of which nature is composed, if this intellect were also vast enough to submit these data to analysis, it would embrace in a single formula the movements of the greatest bodies of the universe and those of the tiniest atom; for such an intellect nothing would be uncertain and the future just like the past would be present before its eyes. — Pierre Simon Laplace, A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities

## Writeup ##
We see that these numbers are generated by Python's random function. In the [Python Docs](https://docs.python.org/2/library/random.html), we see that Python uses a [Mersenne Twister](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mersenne_Twister) pseudo-random number generator. Moreover, we find that a Mersenne Twister can be predicted given 624 consecutive numbers! Since we have 1000, we can figure out the next number. To do this, we used [this predictor](https://github.com/kmyk/mersenne-twister-predictor). All we have to do is run this on the last 624 outputs given in the problem, and we have the flag.
